Oh, holy [__] Like that's what they
teach inside of this. When you break it
down node by node, it's so [music]
simple. I would not have fathommed I
could build something like this a month
ago. Everything inside of the business
models that they teach in CA can be
automated. 30 deliverables over 2 days
on Dream 100. That's insane volume. 20
grand is not unreasonable when you can
say I will have a funnel that'll make
you 100 grand a month. Hey, what's up?
I'm Lucas Sinnate, one of the
co-founders of the AI assisted [music]
agency. I am here today with one of our
students, Aiden. Aiden has put together
an absolutely phenomenal workflow using
some of the stuff he's learned while
inside the AI assisted agency. So Aiden,
thanks for coming on. Do you want to uh
give it a background and kind of what
you do, what your agency does? When I
came into Client Ascension, I didn't
have an agency. I was like absolutely
zero. So through all the course content,
I chose the funnel ads through like W2
work in the past and the knowledge that
they have on how to like do it for
clients when you don't have a boss. That
really took off for me.
>> Awesome. Cool. And you joined about a
month ago, you said. Yeah, I think I had
my first like my onboarding meeting less
than a month ago. It was like October
12th or something like that.
>> Okay, sick. And before you came in, how
much like uh automation or AI experience
did you have? Like were you, you know, a
power user do building like flows before
or like just kind of, you know, a chat
GPT kind of
>> I would say me and my like 45year-old
dad were at the same level of AI use,
right? We were using chat GPT to like
search online recipes or save
ingredients list or like I'm into tennis
so I use it to find me a new tennis
racket based on my budget and price
point. Right. But I was never doing
anything like multi-step or or multi-use
function like NADN or Poppy or anything
like that? No.
>> Gotcha. Okay. Sick. So when you kind of
first joined the program and you kind of
came in, you saw the uh you know the
different NAM workflows and templates
and stuff like that and the the
training. What was that like? Was that
kind of an overwhelming sort of moment
or were you kind of immediate kind of
click with you?
>> It was a little overwhelming at first.
So I' I'd heard of NAM cuz I I knew AI
was like the 2025 social media marketing
right when Tai Lopez first dropped that
in 2012 and everyone was making a
boatload of money. So I'm like I have to
get on this somehow. But everything
online was like super dense almost like
it was a lead magnet. Like hey this is
impossible. Pay me to do it for you. And
so on my sales call, the thing that sold
me was he he walked me through the VSSL
script writer and I was like, "Oh, holy
shit." Like that's what they teach
inside of this like, "Yeah, I whatever
the price is, let me pay it." And then
when I got in, first module I went to
was enough to be dangerous in Nad and it
was just Lucas walking through
everything he built and when you break
it down node by node, it's it's so
simple.
>> That's great. Like that made sense to
you kind of straight away cuz I love
Nad, you know, it's it makes total kind
of sense to me. But have you gotten to
that stage yet where like you like kind
of just like you get an idea and you can
just kind of automatically figure out
without even going having to look it up
where stuff goes next like this has to
happen and this and this and you kind of
just like Yeah. Yeah.
>> And Daniel talks about this too like
like becoming AI brain just thinking in
terms of how AI works instead of how it
used to work. And so when I think about
NAN now it used to be okay look at
Lucas's uh workflows copy and paste but
now it's like okay I know how AI agents
work. I know how HTTP requests work. I
know how loop items and and flows and
triggers work. So that now kind of what
Lucas does for all of his stuff, I start
with an end goal of mine and I'm able to
work backwards because of the courses
and and information inside of CA.
>> So you mentioned there like you know the
templates and workflows that that we
have. Those are the ones you kind of
started with. How did kind of using them
turn into what you've built now? This
Dream 100 kind of uh automation you've
got. I started using them and Dream 100
really spoke to me because I had watched
a video about it. I think I saw Aan's
like original video and I didn't know
who Aean was like two years ago and I'm
like that's a [__] ton of work. I don't
want to write, you know, 100 sales pages
and do all the market research. And so
when I got into this and I saw the
deliverables were all AI based. I'm
like, okay, well that's going to
automate Dream 100 a lot. But there's
still a lot of manual work to Dream 100
where you got to go find the company,
you got to do the research, you got to
funnel hack, you got to find their
profile, write the message, do all the
follow-ups. And so I knew that if I can
automate 100% of client deliverables
once they're paying me, I can definitely
find a way to automate the deliverables
while they're not it. Like everything
inside of the business models that they
teach in CA. And so I took the parts
that I liked from the funnel copywriter
and took out the parts that I wouldn't
necessarily have if I was doing
outreach. So like I wouldn't have all of
the detailed information, the target
audience from them, their revenue
indicators, their KPIs, but I do have
their website and their business name.
And I didn't want to spend an hour on
each company. And so I parsed together
some tools for uh an agent and had it do
it all for me. Um and then kind of kept
down that line of thinking until I could
just click a button and my dream 100
spit out.
>> Fantastic. And yeah, this is like
exactly kind of you're honestly like the
first person to do this, but this is
like the goal for all the AIA students
is like we give you a ton of workflows
and put some bunch of stuff inside of it
and a ton of training, but I want people
to start developing their own specific
use cases for their personal sort of
agencies because not everyone's going to
run the same thing. I can build, you
know, a million workflows, but there'll
you someone will use a different tool or
use a different uh like, you know,
wording of their VSSLs or the scripts or
whatever. So, they'll need like to to
tweak it. And so, that's exactly what
you've done and what I think is really
really impressive. So if it was cool
with you, do you mind you mind sharing
your screen? We can take a look at what
you've actually built.
>> All right. So this is the completed
workflow and it did not start out like
this. And one thing that really got me
when I started with Nitn is you get
these templates and they're like 15 20
nodes long and there's loops and lines
and you don't know what the [__] going
on. So you know you start by one node,
you break it down, you test run. I mean
this whole thing probably took a day or
two of of work to set up. But when you
think about the the grand scheme of how
much work this saves you, that hour of
work is leveraged 10 times more than
anything else you're going to be doing.
>> Yeah. Oh, yeah. I mean, imagine if you
were actually writing VSSL scripts
individually for every single person you
were out reaching. That like one VSSL
script alone would probably be two two
three hours of research and putting
together and writing the whole thing.
>> Oh, Elite.
>> Yeah. You know, so like you invest those
kind of two days now to not have to
spend 3 hours a day going forward, you
Um, and so just like to showcase how
fast this is, we can actually I have in
my automation sheet, I have a test
that's going to run in the background.
So when I click to execute, it goes and
gets rows in this sheet. And this is my
D100 automation sheet. And I've kept it
small like this on purpose. So I
originally had Manis spit out a lead
sheet for me. And this uh JSON prompt
for Manis is inside of uh this workflow
right in here. and it'll spit out
something like this for you where it's
got a hundred companies within your
niche that are in your revenue target
with your estimated employees. So, we're
not targeting, you know, huge companies
that have in-house marketing teams. We
want that 10 to 50 employee count. So,
they're at that point where they're
making enough money, but they don't
maybe have the operational capacity to
hire an in-house marketing team. And so,
that's why they want to outsource to
you. Um, and then we filter by being
able to find a decision maker. So, a CEO
or owner, a director of marketing. and
we have their email and at least one
social profile because that's what
differentiates Dream 100 from any other
cold outreach. It's that personalization
of profile to profile where you can see,
okay, this is a regular human being.
He's got content posted. He's doing this
stuff, right? So once that spits out, I
just copy and paste on these first four
into the automation sheet. And that's
what this getit rows is. And so I'll
usually do five at a time because we
recommend starting with five DMA 100s.
Then we have a loop over node and
that'll loop over all five items one at
a time. Um, and so first it goes into my
market research agent and the market
research agent is just going to take the
the business name and the website and
it's going to do research on every
single data point that Nick Verge
teaches us to uh research in the
creative brief to write a VSSL for a
client or for yourself. And then the
system messages basically tells it how
to output it into a strictly JSON format
so that one we save on context window
but two when this message gets output
into our VSSL script agent. It's super
easy for this agent once we give it part
instructions on how to parse that data
to go into that data and extract what it
needs without getting bogged down by
reading that entire uh output. Now, one
thing that I like about this market
research agent is I use Gemini 2.5 Pro
because it has the largest context
window that I could find by far, 2
million tokens. And so, I gave it access
to Perplexity and then Google search.
And this is something that we can do
another video on. But this is free
Google search up to a,000 searches a
day. So, instead of paying 75 bucks to
SER API a month to get 5,000 searches a
month, you can just go to Google Search
Console, set up your own API, and get
for free. Um, and then that goes into
the VSSL script. This is we'll shoot out
a really good VSSL scripted markdown
format. This is all from Nick Bird's
training.
>> Yeah. I'm sorry to interrupt. I was just
going to say just for for those prompts
that when you were doing the VSSL
scripting uh agent, uh how did you kind
of get put together those prompts? What
was your process for doing that?
>> AI baby.
>> Love Cloud. Cloud's my favorite.
>> Yep. And you actually are are the the
reason I switched over to Cloud because
I was using Cad GPT. So you can see this
is my context window for those prompts
that you're seeing right now. And I
basically just go in and say, "Hey, can
you create me markdown prompts for NAND
and I give it as much context as I can.
You know, you tweak it. You know, you
probably run this workflow four or five
times before you get that output exactly
right." So after that, M2 doc just takes
that markdown output from the VSSL
script agent, creates a Google doc. This
moves it into my dream 100 deliverables
folder and then um it goes into an
outreach message agent. And so the last
piece of friction that I had to overcome
was actually doing research on the
business, funnel hacking the business,
and coming up with that message that was
personalized, but also showcase where my
BSL script could slide into their
current workflow and increase any amount
of metrics that they would care about.
And so again, this has access to Google
search and perplexity. And then both of
these are models that do a little better
in copyrightiting. So I have chat GBT5
mini to save on credits for this one.
And I believe this one is Sonnet. Yep.
for the VSSL script writing. And then
once this, you know, gets information
about business and the funnel, it'll
create a message that automatically has
the doc link from M2 doc in the message
and it'll output it into this outreach
message here. And so all I need to do is
go to the social profile listed from
Manis, copy and paste the outreach
message, and it'll look something like
this where it's got that doc link. and
does a little research on what the
company's doing and where my BSL can fit
into that company's marketing strategy.
>> That's fantastic. Really, really good. I
I I love the personalization of the
message there. That's that's brilliant.
And then just including like the the
link as well and everything just makes
it like so streamlined as you just could
copy and paste and just go there
LinkedIn and just send it over. Yeah, I
know LinkedIn doesn't like automation,
but that's something you probably could
at some stage as well also automate if
you really wanted to, you know, but um
that's phenomenal. And like you said, it
took you like about like what you said
one to two days to kind of get this up
and running.
>> Yeah. And it wasn't like I sat down for
eight hours. It was like I sat down for
an hour and made market research and
then I went and had a cup of coffee. And
I still work a full-time W2 job as a
director of marketing for a construction
company. And so I'm like doing their
work in between. It's like when I have a
free second, I'll I'll hammer out, okay,
VSSL script agent. It takes me 20
minutes to to get down the system and
use the prompts exactly how I want it
just using Claude. And then I was
running it without this outreach message
and I was doing some Dream 100s and I'm
like, "Oh, I I don't like doing this."
So all right, let's build this out. So,
I'd say like two days total time, but
maybe two, three hours of actual working
time to build this top flow.
>> Crazy, man. Like, it's so good. And then
you you said just before the call, you
told me a bit about what your plan with,
but the bottom flow there is as well.
And I think that's really really cool
idea. I know you start building this out
currently is just the general idea, but
you want to just explain the concept
behind kind of the other things that are
going to help you with the uh dream 100
outreach.
>> Just next step in the dream 100 process
is hopefully you get people reaching out
to you and say, "Yeah, let's do this.
Let's hop on a call." So to be prepared
for those calls again, we want to reduce
as much friction as possible so we can
push out, you know, enough volume that
it would be unreasonable to be
unsuccessful as Hormosi says. Um, and so
every time we loop on a Google sheet and
we create a dream 100 deliverable and
outreach message, it'll also do research
on the prospect, on the psychology of
the business owner because we have those
social profiles, and it will kind of
give me a dock on how to sell that
prospect, what the business is doing,
where the gaps um are, what ROI can
pitch, if it can find, you know, the
Facebook ad library, the ad spend
amount, kind of guesstimate those
numbers, and then I just M2 do node move
the file um into another folder in my
dream 100 and then if anyone does reach
back out I already have you know a whole
dock on how to sell them.
>> That's phenomenal. I mean so like as you
were saying there like by the time
you're you're finished this not only are
your actual outreach messages and the
deliverable sorted but you've even got
insights into the prospect themselves
based on their social posts and you can
know ahead of time what to talk to them
about on the call and kind of how you
should probably treat them and stuff
like that. Like that is fantastic. That
is uh exactly what I was hoping people
would start doing with uh with AIA. I've
be I've been an NAND evangelist for a
long time and I'm glad to see people are
kind of getting getting some use out of
it and understanding kind of how
powerful it can be.
>> The enough to be dangerous is exactly
how it sounds. Like I would not have
fathed I could build something like this
a month ago because I've seen pictures
of NAN and I've seen like those Tik Toks
where it's like level one JBT, level two
was like learning how to XML prop, level
three is like learning JSON and then
level four is NAN and they show these
giant NAN workflows. But when you get
into it and when and how Lucas breaks it
down, it's just stupid simple where it's
like, "All right, one at a time. Every
node does one thing that you need. Don't
try and have one node do everything and
then just hack away at it."
>> Yeah, for sure. Yeah, you'll be happy to
know as well that that the uh expert
course is going to be completed next
week, too. So, uh we have a little even
more kind of detailed going like way in
depth. I know one of the things you were
interested in was the vector stores and
stuff. So, I'll be going over like how
to set them up and what they what they
look like. You were saying you wanted to
use those for like sales pages. Is that
right? Well, so originally I had this
for uh sales pages. So that was my
original deliverable and that that's
where I was creating a sales page and
you can see I have this was like 2 days
worth of outreach on Dream 100. I got I
think 30 deliverables here. And so if
you can do 30 deliverables over two days
on Dream 100, that's insane volume. And
I realized like, okay, I'm selling VSSL
funnels to home service. They probably
already have a landing page. My USP is
VSSL. I need to switch up to a VSSL uh
deliverable. But what I wanted to do was
for the sales page agent, you know, you
can give it a supervase vector store and
then I could go my sales page copy and
then I'd have, you know, a bunch of
proven sales page frameworks um and ones
that actually have, you know, 11 12%
CTR, really high conversion rates. And
then in the system message be like, hey,
this is how I want you to write. Don't
strip the exact content, but that format
and that that tone of voice, that
structure is how I want you to write.
>> Exactly. And I think that's the best way
to use uh vector stores when it comes to
to to writing. I've briefly showed you
before one of my newsletter writer
automations. It does the exact same
thing. You know, it's not taking the
content from it. It's not using the
topics or thing. It's just kind of like
trained on examples of writing styles
you like or like you know, proven
winning kind of formulas and stuff and
it helps kind of the structure and the
tone and the actual like uh layout of
the copy and stuff like that. And that's
what I think is the real difference
between copy that sounds like Chat GBT
wrote it and copy that actually sounds
good, you know. But uh yeah, so yeah,
that's that's fantastic. That that'll be
a fire when it gets when you got it
fully set up.
>> The one thing I really like about the
vector stores is you can only put so
much in these messages before you bog
down the context window. So I can't
paste in, you know, 100 sales pages or
in my VSSL I can't post in 100 sales
transcripts. It just won't have any room
to think. But with this and the way it's
embedded with this uploader here that
you built, it can automatically go to
those tags and see what it needs to read
without bonking down that context
window.
>> Yeah, dude. That's that's fantastic.
Yes. I mean, like the the end result
there is like as you're saying kind of
the beginning, it took you like a few
hours of work and that's your entire
Dream 100 outreach process basically
handled for you. You know, like that's a
huge game changer in terms of kind of
how much you're you're uh uh time you're
investing, especially with as you said,
you're also still working a 9 to5. So
obviously time management is very
important for that. So yeah, I mean like
this is like something I talk about a
lot in the course as well is like one of
the questions I get is like how should I
know when I it's time to automate
something and I was always like
>> as soon as possible.
>> Yeah. Like honestly as soon as possible
but like but if it's something you're
doing like every day the chances are you
can automate that [__] You know like if
it's something that has taken a lot of
time and uh you're you're doing uh you
know just like get AI to do it for you.
You know, I I a good formula I heard
recently was uh figure out your hourly
rate. And your hourly rate is determined
by your salary divided by how many hours
you work per year. And then uh you
figure out then what your hourly rate
is. And if there's a task that takes you
that you've got got to do like on a
regular basis and if it's more than
that, you know, hourly uh rate, you have
AI do it or you get someone else to do
it because it's just not worth or less
the number of your time doing it. That's
one of the best things about AI is you
don't have to hire people for a lot of
this stuff. if you can uh you know do it
uh kind of automatically. And what's
this one?
>> This is just like for my W2. I'm
director of marketing and I'm like all
right, I I need to use what I've learned
so I can you know keep my W2. It keeps
the bills paid and then grind away on
CA. And so I click this execute workflow
and all of my monthly deliverables for
my director of marketing position are
done. So I have my ad copywriter, my
blog writer, my email writer, short form
agent, long form agent. So we do daily
short form, we do YouTube content and
then promotional agent. So this goes and
grabs like like holidays and [__] like
that Black Friday that'll spin up, you
know, do this like email campaign or
make this post about the 4th of July or
some [__] like that.
>> That's phenomenal. I love that. So like
not only automating your agency, you're
automating your your uh job as well.
That's that's fantastic. It's that's
such a good ego way of looking at it.
Again, you like especially like that if
you've got listed liberals you just know
you got you got to get done, then just
finding out a way to do that like
automatically is like just an absolute
game changer. Phenomenal work, man. This
is really really good. What would you
say is kind of the Have you got any
other ideas for things you want to
automate or things you want to get set
set up next?
>> Not right now. No, it'll probably be
something to do with sales processes or
like you shared this on a call we were
on where it's a web hook for Fathom AI.
You take the onboarding transcript and
then boom, the funnel's written for
everything you gather on. And so I'll
probably want to build something like
that.
>> Exactly. Yeah. It's like like to me the
whole thing is like imagine like how not
only are you saving time but imagine how
impressive it is to a client if like
you're like we'll do a 24-hour
turnaround time on your entire funnel
strategy your VSSL script your ad
scripts you know having and like
literally either within like perhaps
actually just wait like to make it seem
realistic like wait like you know 3 to
four hours and go hey they're done but
really they were done within you know 15
minutes of the god being over
>> but I think Horoszi says it he's like if
you want to make a [__] ton of money you
find something that people are already
buying you either do it at half the cost
half the time or twice the output, you
know, twice as good. And so AI can do it
twice as good because they have
unlimited context windows and unlimited
research capability and they can do it
in a quarter of the time because as soon
as that onboarding call ends, they start
writing and researching and that's just
a recipe for boatloads of cash.
>> Exactly. Yeah. Fantastic. Yeah. And then
you know from there then there's uh
obviously other things that we provide
in the course as well like the uh the
templates you know for like the funnels
and things like that. So you're
basically just copy and pasting really
and uh you can have someone's stuff up
and running. Like I think honestly I
want to get everyone to the stage where
you can sign a client and 24 hours later
have their funnel live. Like literally
be like yeah this is going this is good
to go. You know we're we're running ads
now.
>> You could charge so much for that.
Especially when you're targeting
companies that like are established and
they know, okay, like first to market is
first to cash and 20 grand is not
unreasonable when you can say I will
have a funnel that'll make you 100 grand
a month in 24 hours to deploy tomorrow.
>> Dude, phenomenal work. I'm really really
impressed with uh how quick you picked
it up and the uh the work you've done.
I'm I'm very glad to see that the so the
workflow templates and the the contents
helped you along kind of building this
stuff out and uh this is exactly what I
want to see uh you know you guys doing
is like building out things like this.
It's absolutely fantastic. But uh yeah,
why don't you uh do you want to just uh
shout out your agency and kind of your
website or like uh what do you uh what
you're kind of offering at the moment?
>> My agency is Sequoia Strategies. We just
do um BSL funnels for home service
businesses. Um and so I coined like
problem first marketing. So it just I
target home service businesses that kind
of have demand genen offers already. So
like I don't want roofing agencies or
you know anything like that. I want like
geothermal pools, hot tubs, high-end
remodels, those wants where people
aren't usually waiting for something to
happen and then jumping on a million
different calls with every contractor to
try and get us all sold for the cheapest
price.
>> And really cool and uh really happy to
have you in the program. Really happy to
see what you're what you're doing and
hope you look forward to some of the new
stuff we got uh coming. We've got our
new automations agency coach joining
next week who I think uh you're going to
very much enjoy talking to about some of
the stuff you're you're working on uh
along with whole new course being added
all about running an automations agency
which also include new workflows and
things like that too that you can use in
your own business as well. But yeah,
really appreciate hopping on the call
man really good to you. For anyone that
wants to learn how to build stuff like
Aiden has here, go to uh client
ascension.ai and watch the VSSL from the
incredible Daniel Fazio. If you haven't
followed his channel, go subscribe to
him on YouTube. And uh if you want to
know a bit more about kind of the work
that I do here at AIA, you can subscribe
to my newsletter at appliedleverage.io.
Uh Aiden, again, thank you so much for
coming along and uh I will see you on
the next Q&A call.
>> Yes, sir.
>> Awesome. I so much.